# README

## The Problem I am Trying to Solve: 

Both Facebook Marketplace and Nextdoor allow people to sell items to others through their repspective apps.  However, both of them require the buyer/seller to connect in order to share certain information such as an address( if items are to be picked up), as well as the time and date the transaction will be carried out.  This is true even for items that are being given away, and not sold.  If you are merely wanting to donate items to whomever wants them, I find this set-up to be cumbersome.  Since we are living in a time of Covid-19 and it is best if people limit their interactions, this App will allow people to continue to donate goods without having to directly interact with others and not have to go through the process required by the above mentioned Apps.  

The pupose of this app is to streamline the process and allow people to put whatever items they want to give away in the alley behind their house and pin the items to a location on google maps with a list of the items available for free.  Then, people can check the different pins on the map and see what items are available and where to go to pick them up, without having to first contact the donor.  Hovering over a google maps marker will display the address and the items left for donation.  The person who picks up the donated items can then go to the map and delete whatever items were taken from a particular pin on the map by clicking on that particular marker and deleting the items which were taken.  Or, for that matter, the donor can check to see what items are still left and delete the taken ones. Since this app will be community focused, it will rely on the community of users to be responsible while using the app and not delete items which were not taken.  Items are offered on a "first come first serve" basis.  

This app can be useful not only to individuals, but organizations such as churches and GoodWill, who could use it to look for items of special interest to them.  Even people who drive around looking for scrap metal can find this app usefull and help them focus on certain areas instead of randomly driving down alleys.  Hopefully, this App will make looking for free stuff more fun and efficient.

